doc: Enhance polymer2lit documentation (#15097)
vaadin/flow: flow-polymer2lit/README.md

An automatic tool that facilitates migration from Polymer to Lit by automatically converting basic Polymer constructions into their Lit equivalents in Java and JavaScript source files.

## Motivation

Polymer support has been deprecated since Vaadin 18 (released in November 2020), in favor of faster and simpler Lit templates. In Vaadin 24, the built-in support for Polymer templates is removed. Polymer support is still available in Vaadin 24 for Prime and Enterprise customers.

## Limitations

The converter only supports a limited set of transformations intended to reduce the effort for basic cases while everything else should be still converted by hand.

> An example of what the converter cannot handle is complex Polymer observers:

Author: ```suggestion
Complex Polymer observers is an example of what the converter cannot handle:
```

Author: ```suggestion
Complex Polymer observers is an example of what the converter cannot handle:
```

> An example of what the converter cannot handle is complex Polymer observers:

Author: I would still keep "example" in this sentence as it is not the only unsupported thing.

> An example of what the converter cannot handle is complex Polymer observers:

Author: Ah, I see. You suggest making it a list.

> An example of what the converter cannot handle is complex Polymer observers:

Reviewer: Yes

> An example of what the converter cannot handle is complex Polymer observers:

Author: Made it a list and also added a few more examples. Please, check it out.

```js
static get properties() {
  return {
    userList: {
      type: String,
      observer: 'userListChanged(users.*, filter)"
    },
  }
}
```

> TypeScript source files are not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
TypeScript source files are not supported because proper type conversion almost always requires knowing project specifics.
```

Author: ```suggestion
TypeScript source files are not supported as type organization is almost always project-specific so it is hard to identify common cases.
```

> TypeScript source files are not supported.

Author: Check out these ones: https://github.com/vaadin/flow/pull/15097/files#r1021185748

> TypeScript source files are not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
TypeScript source files are not supported because proper type conversion almost always requires knowing project specifics.
```

The converter only supports a limited set of transformations intended to reduce the effort for basic cases while everything else should be still converted by hand.

Here are a few examples of what the converter cannot handle:

- TypeScript source files are not supported because proper type conversion almost always requires knowing project specifics.

> - Complex Polymer observers are not supported (`userListChanged(users.*, filter)`).

Reviewer: The previous full code snippet was more explanatory, could we bring it back?

By default, the converter transforms Polymer imports into their Lit 2 equivalents.

> If your project is using Lit 1 (Vaadin < 23), you can use the `vaadin.useLit1` argument to enforce Lit 1 compatible imports:

Author: ```suggestion
If your project is using Lit 1 (Vaadin < 21), you can use the `vaadin.useLit1` argument to enforce Lit 1 compatible imports:
```

./gradlew vaadinConvertPolymer -Dvaadin.disableOptionalChaining
```

## Supported transformations

> This is a basic overview of the transformations that can be performed automatically by the converter:

Author: ```suggestion
This is an overview of the transformations that can be performed automatically by the converter:
```
